The comments section on a recent ticket:

My roommate swas sent a link that when clicked put a virus on his computer. He removed the virus but we are still quarentined (or however its spelled). Please help, I and grumpy, irratable, and just turned down watching a movie with two pretty socail activist girls because I have a hundred things to do and nothing turns me on like girls with a social conscience. So hot. Anyway, my friend Celia is telloing me to not be such an idiot (though she uses sweeter words because we love eachother) and stop typing all of this to you. 10 minutes ago I just came into her room and collapsed on her for a solid 3 min as I screamed angsty vulgarity into her matnress untill she soothed me with her amazind hugs. So I'm going to go now, but I want all the net techs to know if they see Celia [Smith] tell her that AJ loves her and compliment her rack because she doesn't believe me on how nice it is. 

Love-
AJ

I work tech-support at UIUC.

Yeah.

 - Benminnn on SA
%
The best helpdesk request we ever had was actually a voicemail from one of the sales folks. They often called us from their cars while driving between sites and expected us to troubleshoot without them having access to their PC, an error message, or anything else. After a few times of telling them that we couldn't do anything without at least the error message some of them started to wise up and call us with the laptop handy. Unfortunately they would still be calling from their car. So now they're trying to drive, talk to us, and work the laptop. The voicemail we got went something like this:

"Hi this is <salesguy> and I'm having a problem with my laptop. It's giving me this error. Hang on I'll read it to you."

*shuffling in the background*

"Ok, it says <start inserting error text here>"

*loud screech*
*sounds of his car hitting something - probably another car"

"Oh shit. Call you back"

<click>

 - ThatSlacker on SA
%
The strangest ticket I ever received was a report that there was someone on the roof of a building (a different building from where I was) threatening to commit suicide. The IT department isn't exactly the place to go when you need life advice from normal, well-adjusted individuals, and none of us were really sure what to do. We advised user to call the police (and avoided asking "Is he threatening to jump onto a laptop?" or "Have you tried rebooting him?").

 - Ninja Rope on SA
%
User: RStoney
Stamp: 20051212:194726
Subject: mouse isn't working
Problem: My mouse isn't working on my pants. Please come help.
Technical Notes:
-RTurain<L4>: User was apparently trying to sterilize himself with prolonged exposure to mouse 'radiation'. Told him there was less harm from optical mouse than a flashlight and to never make such a request of helpdesk, again.
!REPORT MARK EXISTS!
Closed: 20051213:084152 
 - Arsten on SA
%
My husband, a black male, said you are full of shit. And he also said you are descriminating against us because we are of black and hat beans (more like black hispanic) descent. We have a constitutional right to be served like real americans, and we are. For example, we support the war on terrorism; we don't like black women getting welfare and driving a cadillac at the same time; we love hamburgers (our favored american real food); we support our troops in Huallala Country; and finally we would like to be non-nigger americans. OK? So, do something about getting as fast speed internet for free. It is our constitutional right, oki? ok, enjoy your weekend.
 - Cyazares on SA
%
