Ying Yang Twins - Wait (The Whisper Song)

The Ying Yang Twins, having a combined mental age of 13, are fascinated by sex in the most refreshingly juvenile manner possible. This song is a delightful expression of their newfound interest in girls; although they appear to be fully grown men, the Ying Yang Twins are perpetually stuck at the moment where puberty first kicked in and girls went from something "gross" to something to be giggled about. The particular appeal of this song comes from its charming innocence; the lyrics tell the story of two young boys struggling to articulate their confusing and scary new feelings about the opposite sex. While a layman might view the song's whispered flow as a gimmick, it is an expression of the uncertainty of the narrators. One must keep in mind that they are not actually talking to a woman, but rather they are fantasizing out loud to each other; their child-like minds are consumed with "dirty" thoughts about sex which they are ashamed of on some level. Because of the special bond between twins, the two narrators trust each other implicitly and can, in hushed voices, secretly articulate the semi-formed sex fantasies that children are often too bashful to speak aloud. The twins brag to each other about what they might say and do if they were placed in a sexual situation with a woman:

    "You got a sexy ass body and your ass look soft
    Mind if I touch it and see if its soft?"

The song gets more complex when one considers that the Ying Yang twins have the minds of young boys but the bodies of adults. This leads to the peculiar phallocentric fascination that drives the track:

    "Wait 'til you see my dick, wait 'til you see my dick, wait 'til you see my dick, I'm gon' beat that pussy up."

When the Twins look down, they do not see the child-like genitals that their stunted minds are able to comprehend, but rather the full, robust genitals of adults. Therefore, they are faced with a disturbing dysmorphic image of their bodies: they are intimidated by their own genitals, and therefore they fear the effect that their genitals might have on women.

Diagnosis: The Ying Yang Twins are adorably stunted man-children, but we already knew that. 